 My task is to analyze this data set of college information and describe the findings identified in the next page. How to interact. A mouse over any other circles? To obtain a detailed view, use the text box at the top to search for a specific college. Your audio is being recorded in this page. Please verbalize your thought process as you go analyze the data set. Okay, so see a lot of different color circles. I'm excited. I've never done this before. So it says distance to center, admission rate, percentage, radius, annual cost, dollar sign, and then color median of earnings, dollar sign. There's pretty much broke up in different numbers. It's just cool, I think. That's pretty cool. Okay, so I'm going to go over the little purple one and it says the New England Commissory of Music, admission rate, 29. Okay, the New England Commissory Conservatory of Music, admission rate, 29.14%. Annual cost 55870. A median of earnings is 26, 2,800. San Diego State University admission rate is 34.48%. Annual cost is 2,600, excuse me, $20,631. A median earnings is $47,400. Boston University admission rate 34.51. Annual cost is 6196, excuse me, 61,000. Okay, I missed that one. Crap. Where is American Academy of Dramatic Arts Los Angeles? A admission rate 20.16%. Annual cost is 51,614. The median of earnings is 27,800. That definitely does not. Yeah, that doesn't mean it doesn't understand that. So I guess each color that you click on, like the dark purple ones is 13K. And that is of like Florida Memorial University admissions rate 20.54%. Annual cost is 25,090. And the median of earnings is 26,200. So that's kind of neat. You actually got them separated and different admission rates and the pricing and everything. Okay, now I'm getting it. Oh, right. I'm sorry. I'm just checking everything out. This is really fun. Let me see, monetary college admission rate 46.06%. Annual cost is 35,580. A median of earnings is 38,800. Okay, so what do I do next? Like, do I just look up colleges or something? Or, you know, I don't know what to do. Like, I don't know. This is one of my first interactive things. So just bear with me, please. Okay. Right, like the dark purple circles, lower earnings. Around 13K. And to have lower median earnings compared to the other colors. Some expensive schools over 50,000. Don't always lead to higher earnings, I believe. Compare. So, okay. So San Diego State University has got lower costs. So, I think that's why I'm getting higher earnings. Which, that's kind of a win-win situation on that one. Boston University, expensive, 61,196. But strong earnings potential. Now, the one that I really kind of got me. Let's look for Michigan State real quick. Oh, we could find it. Okay, that's fine. Okay. Okay. So, you know, like Boston University is expensive. But it has strong earning potential. American Academy of Dramatic Arts, Lowed Mission Rate, high costs. But earnings are relatively low. So that's, that would definitely be kind of a concern for me. Higher costs doesn't always mean higher earnings. I believe like some expensive schools have similar earnings to lower cost schools. So, you know, there's that. But the quality of education you never know. And that's where I'm at with that. McAllister College. So, I noticed while some high cost schools have high earnings. Others do not. Schools with lower admission rates don't always guarantee high salaries. The interactive visualization, sorry. Help me see the color coding makes earnings easy to compare. And the admission rates don't always predict final outcomes. Okay, I'm good.