 Okay, my task is to analyze the data set of college information, describe the findings. I identified the next page, mouse over any of the circles. Okay, use the text box at the top to search. My audio is recorded on this page, where I realize my thought process is a go. Okay, so I probably need to speak a little louder. Okay, so, analyze the data set of college information and describe the findings I identified. On the next page. Okay, so I'm looking and it's just giant cluster of bubbles. I see light purple, dark purple, orange, and kind of a red, dark reddish orange. And then circles of varying sizes in all of the colors. I noticed that there is a large concentration of the large reddish orange circles in the very center. And then there are some large circles kind of coming out like arms from there of different colors. I noticed initially that most of the lighter purple and darker purple circles are more towards kind of the mid to outside and outside. So my first impression is that whatever this is representing is going to have the red and the orange, or the, yeah, I'm just going to call it red instead of red orange. The red and the orange circles. Most highly represented in the center. And then the lighter colors will be maybe less representative. So let's look at the key over here on the right. The distance to the center represents the admission rate percentage. So, okay, so the center would be. Oh, I see. It's a lower percentage. Well, that's weird. Okay, so like I'm hovering over this orange, orange is red is circle. This is Harvard University admission rate 5.96%. Percent. So, okay, so the close to the center, the lower the admission rate. See, my instinct, when I looked at the key, my instinct would have told me that would have been a higher admission rate. But it's the inverse of that. And then I come out here to the far right where it says barred college, a purple one, and the admission rate is substantially higher at 44.61%. I'm noticing there is annual cost, I'm assuming your tuition, and the median of earnings, I'm assuming of the people who apply or the parents. Let's see, the radius is the annual cost. Okay, so that would explain the size variance in the circle. So, the radius of the circle represents the annual cost. Harvard being almost 60,000 year, barred being 38, which is still a similar size circle. So, that's kind of odd, but when we go into these smaller circles, we're looking at 18,000, 13,000, okay, all right, so that lines up with what the key is saying. The color represents the median of earnings. So, okay, so that would be the median of, I don't know if that's the median of earnings once a person graduates or the median of earnings of a, of like the parents of the college student. Since we're looking at admissions, I might think that that might represent the earnings of the parents, because of course that influences financial aid and things like that. So, the purple ones, darker purple are smaller, number 13,000, 34,000, and then the larger numbers. 47 is orange, 57 is the reddish orange, so higher income, with higher cost and a smaller admission rate. Okay, so that lines up with all of these here in the center. We're looking at something like Bentley University here towards the top, where it says the admission rate is 46, 4,11%, so the, I'm assuming parents generally have higher earnings. The cost is high, but the admission rate is higher. Okay, so I see why we're seeing a few of these orange, larger orange circles towards the outside, but mostly aggregated in the center. All of that makes total sense. When I first look at this, it's counter-intuitive and it takes a minute to get used to. But once you kind of dive in and hover over some of these circles and kind of understand what the key means it makes more sense. The only thing I would say that I'm still struggling with is whether the color represents the median of earnings of the student once they graduate, or the median of earnings of the parents or the family, I should say, upon insurance to college to begin with. Okay. So, I'm just going to kind of make some notes real quick since I can't come back to the page. Admission rate is the distance radius is a cost color median earnings. Okay. Okay.