 Okay, so this is, I just read the instructions and now I will be observing or analyzing the data set of the college information. So these tables are actually very familiar for me because I am a data analyst, so it's very familiar for me and I think that it's just something that I see every single day, so it makes sense to observe it, so I'm really excited. So first of all, I am trying to search up George Washington University, it's just a school that is close to me and it's just a school that I've always wanted to go to, so just something I did not go there. I went to a different in-state school in Virginia, but I do really like the school, so just hovering over that, you can see a couple of things such as the admission rates, annual cost, and median of earnings, which is really cool. And also you can see, apart from that, I guess I can't breathe, okay, there's that. It's cool that you can see here, obviously it's like color-coded and also, I believe the size, oh, okay, so that's the admission rate? No. It's, oh, sorry, color equates to median of earnings, okay, that makes sense. So median of earnings is 28, okay, that makes sense. So the bigger their circle, I guess this has a max, like a cap here too, because the circles aren't like huge or anything. These all kind of look like the same color, so school like this is going to be less. And this is what the smaller median of earnings, as well as the size of the circle is probably since the center, oh, the admission rate, okay, cool. So yeah, oh, I like that. Here I'm able to see that. And yeah, just a big blob of information here, so you're able to see just a lot of different colleges, which is really cool. And you're just able to explore if you would like to explore a single college or university institution, you're able to just search it up here. So I think that's, that's very cool as well. I think it's a good visual, like if I'm looking for something specific, like I could just search it up here. I noticed that my school is in here too, so obviously it's not like all schools, but it's just cool to be able to see this visualization. And I think it's just something that's fun to interact with. Then when you need something specific, you just go over here, look for a specific school boom, there's your info, and there's your school. So I think this is a cool graphic here. However, this key was a little hard to follow. I guess some people might not understand the difference between the distance of the center and the radius, so that's something that I think would be like a cause for confusion for some people, but yeah. I think overall this is a cool visualization. It's fine, it's cool, it's interactive, and it gives you what you need if you're looking for any of these three things. I think the key just needs a little bit of work. But yeah, thanks so much.