 I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing. Ready to do it? Ready to do it. Create a new layer. Our first layer. Create a new layer. Here you can, according to where We Etsy got How Inside. . . . . OK so oops, I forgot to verbalize my process. First, I'm taking a look at what's going on in the right side of the page. breaks down the radius, the distance to the center and the color, as well as the amounts of the medium of earnings. I initially typed in my Almond water, which popped up Cappoli, which was like a smallish orange bubble. Orange meaning that the median of earnings is about 57,000. The emissions rate was a little higher than I expected 30,000, sorry 30%. So I wonder what the big bubbles mean. Big bubbles maybe mean lower emission rate and then also like more like prestigious colleges, I guess, like Princeton, Stanford, Brown, MIT, they're all in the middle, Yale. I would say that their average median earnings is, you know, decently high, Harvard, it's definitely high. Johns Hopkins, Northwestern, Dartmouth, good for Papsun, never heard of that. Race, never heard of that. And BS Stanford, are the light yellow, I guess, earnings a little lower. It's interesting that the bubbles come on the outside, where the orange is on the inside, outside means radius, distance to the emission rate. So if the emissions rate is quite high, but their earnings is quite high, then the orange would be on the outside. If the emissions rate is quite low, but the earnings is low, they're being purple on the inside. That's interesting like your juliaards. And then, okay, the size of the ball corresponds with how expensive it is. It's interesting. I wonder why only so many colleges are on here. Like my grad school program is on here, let's see. Strip Berkeley. And let's try UC Santa Barbara. Okay, interesting. I don't know any other like Cal State's California. So a whole bunch of California states, just not. Santa's A-Stay, let's see it. These are mostly UC's. California states are on beach for tindermingo's hills and so we're not saying any of them interesting. Oh wait, here's Santa's A-Stay. You can't put it low in your cost. You can't put it low in your earnings. Tee something high in Mission 8. Let's see University of Santa, going to loans. Pretty expensive. Mission 3 is pretty high. Let's try UC SD. Definitely cheaper, meaning our names is high-ish.