 Okay. Alright. So my task is to analyze this data set of college information and describe the findings I identify in the next page. Mouse over any of the circles to obtain a detailed view. Use the text box at the top of the search for specific college. Or he was recorded, please verbalize. Okay. Cool. So you've got this dot display here, which is kind of interesting, an infographic. Okay. Yale University. Well, I'm at New Haven. So that's familiar. Yale University, I see when that pops up in the middle, I see Yale, Stanford, Princeton, Duke, Dartmouth, MIT, Caltech, UPEN, Columbia. So these red schools are ones that have, looks like they're median earnings. So people who go to these schools tend to, tend to make a lot of money. Interesting. College of Holy Cross, Babson, Bucknell. So a lot of these are in Massachusetts. I know those because I'm from Massachusetts. It's tough to university. So I went to toughs and I went to Yale. So I'm not surprised about toughs either. So median earnings, 65,000 Yale or Harvard. Let's see, Harvard median earnings was 95,000. My God. Makes sense. It's Harvard. Okay. When you look at other schools, Fort Valley State University, Florida Memorial University. Okay. These are much lesser well-known places. Toro College, Russ College. I don't think I've even heard of a lot of these. In the middle, let's look at light blue. Light blue. You got Cleveland Institute music, Flagler, Bridgewater College. Let's see if I recognize any of these. Okay. CUNY, that's in New York. I know that, let's see, Smith College. Okay. So that's actually one of those prestigious women schools. My girlfriend went to Mount Holy. Okay. I wouldn't be surprised if that shows up. They tend to make less money just because it's very liberal artsy and you know, they're just not focused on that. Interior design, New York, College for Creative Studies, Saint Lawrence University. Okay. So a lot more like a little smaller liberal arts colleges make like a smaller amount. And then lastly, the yellow ones. So have referred as liberal arts to lame. Yep. These are one of those schools. Well Zlee. Well, where William Smith, American University well-known, but they just don't make as much people who go to like Duke or MIT or whatever, right? But it sounds like you know, the not only are the median median earnings shown, but you also see annual cost. Annual cost is going to be high across the board, but it's definitely going to be higher at these really premier name schools, right? And then the admission rates also tend to scale with the you know, median earnings. So admissions for Stanford is like 5% for Princeton. It's 7% Yale 6% Harvard's Pride lowest 5.96. Actually Stanford's lowest MIT might be the lowest. Let me check. MIT 7.88. What was my school? Yep, 17.24. It's like a wrong below as far as selected selectivity. But yeah, in general, yeah, this is interesting. So it looks like it's a really interesting dot display where it shows, it will show selectivity along with median of earnings and then along with annual cost. And they all seem to align with each other for the most part.