 What the fuck is this shit? What the fuck is this shit? Sorry for the person who asked to listen to this. It attaches to analyze this data set of culture. It's great to find these. You can't find so many of it any other resist. Year university, Princeton, these like Ivy Leagues, Rice, I don't know if count Notre Dom, I'm also a Babison. Colorado, these like State Call, Ken, Kenyan, Annual Cost, Annual Cost, Stanford, and University, Wild Kings College of Conservatory. Oh, so are the purple ones? What the fuck am I looking for? What am I doing? H, A, R, Harvard University, Ain't no way Harvard is fucking 59,000. What the fuck is this lie? Oh, the purple ones like the average earnings is shit, 30,000, 30,000, 30,000, 30,000, 30,000, 30, 30,000. And then these are like the big orange ones are like over 50k, I guess. Yellows are over 50k, I guess. Orange is over 65, I guess, 60,000. Yeah, yellows are just 50. So what the fuck are we doing? What the fuck is this? So what university of Memphis? Wait, hold up a second. If, oh, my dumb. Okay, dark purple is sub 35 and then regular purple is like 40, oh, over 35, I don't know. I'm doing this shit on a cat, I have to bat for things. God damn, average median earnings. This is how much they make off of the fucking degree. Jesus. Probably fucking arts colleges to be age, man. Everyone knows those on fucking pay for shit. Fuck you going to what an arts degree. Hmm. Hmm. It's like a buddy. I understand the love of art. I understand the love of music and shit, but like you, you dropping like fucking what is it? 30, 30, 25 fucking K and college. Hell of that. Hell of that for like years. Like you come out that bitch like a hundred thousand dollars worth of that and you ain't get and then the purple is like stuff I don't know. I really know of. I'm really shit. I think I said I probably go to like one of the admissions very 11% huh? How the fuck is there earnings this fucking low? Yeah, earnings this fucking low and admission rate this fucking low like 30, 40% of people like what? Oh, I'm talking about a target, but you can literally just see at the prices are over here. Huh. I guess I'm done.